Release Version 0.10.0 (#141)
DIAGNijmegen/rse-gcapi: HISTORY.md

# History

## 0.10.0 (2022-09-21)

>   - Removed json validation, will be handled bij Grand Challenge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removed client-side json validation, which is instead handled by Grand Challenge
```
